hello youtube friends today I bring you a
Lost episode of phineas and ferb
I hope you like it was a dark night
where I was in total solitude because my
family left at 15 years of my cousin
and since I do not like to go to parties
luxurious lounges and things like that
I decided not to accompany them and they would arrive
late at night I was watching the
television when suddenly it starts to
Phineas and Ferb
I was excited as it was my program
favorite the introduction was normal but
at the beginning of the episode the
name of the episode only came out the typical
main outlet the house of the
protagonists of the series that lasted by
of the 30 seconds the shot changes to
phineas and ferb sitting in the dining room
your house without any gesture on their faces
the mother of the boys enters the shot and
The first thing he said was pain
true is never revealed took a
knife and it fits in your belly and
falls to the floor violently
phineas finally speaks and says 0 and
I know what we're going to do today what
says evil mind and in his face what
reveals with a grim smile the shot
change the boys' dad by painting in
his desk and they enter the scene the
guys and phileas says that we
delate must lose all hope the
Dad just keeps quiet with his face
terrified since that previous sentence
who said Kim already gave me to understand that
something bad was going to do to whoever was
victim of his inventions since the dad
of them shows that he likes
inventions of them in the chapter where
Candás learns to drive a car
after Phineas's phrase now the
camera is in the room of caldas
apparently she is talking about her
pink cell but what he says is not
understood and only his
murmurs when suddenly they are heard
some very loud and horrible screams
Worried candás goes down to the kitchen and sees
to his dead mother and in that
cangas starts to really cry the
camera focuses on the back of candás and a
hand touches her shoulder she turns and sees
phineas putting the body of his father
at
you sing annoyingly and with your voice a little more
serious tells the kids what is it
they did pay dearly is the
clean just laughs and pulls a gun
of the pocket of the fer pants points
to candás with the gun and gives him a shot
hitting him in the forehead killing
the boys leave their home as if
nothing would have happened they go to the house of
Isabella to Phineas with the gun and ferb
with a knife when you reach the door of
the Isabela house both keep their
weapons with a mock cry tell you
everything to the family garcía chapero but
they are told that their family killed them
unknown man and not them the others
they start crying and the boys take their
weapons to kill
but he tells phineas I know who
let's kill today they leave the house of
Isabella and they go straight to the house
of baring when entering the house of this the
take quickly switch to the agency
the secret agents are on stage the
greatest monogram and carl talking about
the incident of the flynn family of
suddenly the agent arrives with his hook
grabbing his face monogrammed and
reforming his face falling to the floor
dead now he brings out his blades with which
flies by fitting them in the eyes of
carl and cutting his head with
blades the take returns to the house of bali and
Phineas and Ferb enter their room and
see bali and he is terrified
telling the kids to get away from me and
he flees from his room and lowers
stairs and sees his dead family in
puddles of blood around is worth and you
he starts crying and phineas touches him
shoulder telling you this sometime
it's not your fault in that first one pulls a
knife and starts to remove the skin
brave this falls dead when you
they fit the knife in the belly
then phineas says but it touched you
much worse let's go but let's go to the house
weakling the takeover changes to the building of
doctor doofenshmirtz with the typical
song of his name but upside down and a
little more serious and slow seems to be
crying because he himself murdered his ex
wife and her only daughter vanessa and of
soon says because I did I'm a fool
and her crying becomes stronger than
soon reaches the p agent
mix tells cherry I lost the garden 5
I was waiting, take out a knife and
part in half to perry and then
put your body now we are in a yard
from gifford arrive phineas and ferb and you
they say to giffords throw yourself and do not talk or
you die be scared and out of breath les
He says to the guys, please do not tell me
kill I'm not going to be bravado fervenza
side says that we said you will not talk and
gives him a shot in the back of jester
and they do it with the rest of the family of
virgin the scene changes to django spacey
and jeremy the three together scared
hidden because they were filled with the
previous incidents but none of
the three knew who was the killer of
soon phineas cuts off their heads
three and fall dead go to the house of
django and burn the house the same with the
of this one and that and jeremy and all the
city
killing all families including
Scout also CINEAS
Offense sit a bench with a landscape
burned and with a lot of fire then the
scene changes the doctor two sad and
gloomy that decides to take revenge from the
highest in your building and when falling to
floor his whole body bursts and
dying the take back the boys
exactly in the same place of the shot
previous in banking and both look at each other
the two of them draw their weapons lines
pointing with the gun at 0 to 0
pointing with the knife afilias
both at the same time they say this
stupid and they kill each other mutually
leaving the chapter already without a character
obviously because they were all
murdered the screen turns dark
the uncle calls a text with letters
written with blood that said or in
not future and the chapter ends from that
day I never saw phineas and ferb again
I told them to some friends and I did not
my parents believed from that incident
they send me to a psychologist but it's true
what I saw good I hope you liked it
If any of you wonders why
You took the schedule because I have to
accommodate it well to organize the
days that I will upload gameplays I will upload a
video where will show all the games
I have and you will tell me below in
the comments that I want to play
upload please participate in the video
what do you say please for me your
opinion is very important good until the
next